ETouristGuidePH-Thesis
======================

My LPU-CCS undergraduate thesis
General Objective

This study aims to create an informative system that will help tourists in their visit here in the Philippines. This system aims to replace the brochures and travel guidebooks used by tourist to achieve better customer satisfaction in the tourism industry here in the Philippines.

Specific Objectives

1. To analyze and evaluate the current process of selecting tourist spot to be visited in the country of the Philippines.

2. To identify the problems and opportunities for improving the current system.

3. To design and develop an E-Tourist guide that would maximize the tours and lessen expenses of the tourists visiting our country.

1.3 Scope and Limitations of the Research

This study is focused on developing a web-based application that allows the users to input their time frame and budget for their tour. This E-Tourist Guide will then output Itinerary, Information, and the Map.

For the current location it will be automatically generated by using the W3C Geolocation API for the Google Maps API. Time and budget will vary depending on user input. The unit of time to be used is measured in hours and the budget will be in peso.

After receiving the inputs the system will then compute the nearest or available tourists spots and then generate an output or itinerary for the user.

The results will not only be an itinerary but also some information that will be useful for the user. Example of this information is the brief history or summary of the area and the 360° panoramic view of the spot.

For the maps the researchers will use the Google Maps API for the generation of the mapping system and the W3C Geolocation API for the determining of the current user location assuming that the user will have to allow the API to run on their desktop browsers and mobile devices.

For the routing function the researchers would like to maximize the built-in routing function of the Google Maps API.

Limitations:

* The digital tourist guide will cover Manila area only and the 360° will be limited to tourist spots inside Intramuros.

* Mobile devices used for accessing this app must be able to access Google Maps.

* Prices stated in the Budget module are subject to change.

* Tourist locations for each city will be limited to 5 areas with the exception of Intramuros.

* This study will not cover festivals and celebrations.
